Character Screen
Name
age.from 17 to 30 (bit limits some quests? just to fuck with players)
sex 
race?
backstory (slight boost to skills, quests avalaible at beginning depending on bg)
traits (the point system, positive perks give -, negative +, value should be 0< )
////
Skills - level SLOWLY by passive offline “learn” mechanic / level FAST via use of skill.
SKILL exp pool - invisible, increases through use of skill, gives skill uh, 
  proficiencies, aka gives some positive things. Weapons - less jam, 
  better mainteance, craft  - better armor, shinier armor/weapon and etc.
       Skills will requier resources to be leveled on higher levels? Caps/mastur npc quests?
PERKS
Now here's the question, excluding passive perks like gecko skinning and all that, 
is it better to make either perks as equipment modules, so players will be able to make em 
customaziable at any given time OR make them as they are now, 
being chooseable and pretty much permament but with addition of 
perks excluding one another by some sysstem? ANd of 2nd, 
then what stats should perks affect? 
I honestly can't decide right now.

Now the pluses of modules is, characters are easely tuneable, 
theere is no need for 2nd/3rd/4th character to do various tasks, you just change your gear.
It leaves option for players to be more self reliable, 
but to get that gear you still gonna have to deal with certain niche players

Now as how the gear is adjusted is, can either be instant or requer certain investment from player,
be that time or resources or etc. and ofc there can be skill reqs for use of that or this gear
STATS
The only question to answer here is, to lower random or to leave it as it is.
Otherwise there's nothing new what is needed to be added to stats atm
Poise? No, this is madness... or is it?

I feel like there's too much bunched up already, but adding things might improve things aswell.
////
SOME OTHER STUFF
start
tutorial - skippable
Picks radio or w/e
given closest civil town to visit
gets “radio” frequency

starts exploring shit
